oh my God guys
it has a crazy thing we're gonna try
this [__] yeah that's what I'm trying to
oh
he's just [__] rushing us with a
[__] riot shield
by Noble and Call of Duty you're such a
dick
wow how sweaty are you did we do any
damage to him nope wait Anthony are you
able to Res us
bro
[Laughter]
Anthony Anthony we did some damage this
time [__] I'm so [__]
why did I die
no how I don't know
I don't pick up the body
now what ambulance look at the ambulance
drop it drop it drop it drop it drop it
drop it
you wanna do it
[__] sick this game is [__]
horseshit dude
[Laughter]
I hit it that was the sweatiest session
like are you kidding me with that what'd
I say I was gonna do I said I was just
gonna frag out they played like he was a
[__] s d tournament
I gave it one round dumbass like one
time and I told you what I was gonna do
beforehand dude our bot is just cooking
with a ton of money it's getting violent
bro
corpse launch dude
[Music]
delivered the money what a stupid [__]
payback can someone light a plant on
fire for me real quick that'd be sick I
let some plants on fire earlier did you
do it again
I'm just gonna win the game real quick I
feel like we should just win if we got
the money I mean we got quite a bit you
gotta make a clean getaway yeah you
gotta get away who gives the [__] you
got the money if you're all dead
Marcel behind you
how do you get away just literally just
walk out of the bank and be like look I
did it yeah with your backpack I
actually don't know yeah
backpack full of money get them get that
[__] let's see I wasn't aware until now
that a backpack just appeared get him
get him cool yo
[Music]
[Laughter]
who survived hey Scotty what's up what
are you doing
[Laughter]
we gotta get you in there come on
you won't suspect a thing
wait I just heard shots I got fired yeah
you shot the wrong person no I didn't I
shot Brock he had a gun my bullet went
through the glass and hidden The
Pedestrian outside I haven't been I
haven't been holding a gun all right
Anthony your goal is to kill these
[__] before they steal all the
money and you do not have to blend in
they are well aware that you are a cop
yeah we can smell piggy from a mile away
[Music]
amazing
brother
[Music]
laughs
Anthony you turned into a box right in
front of me
turn into a cardboard box on the ground
I turned on my surveillance stuff all
right hold on you guys all click robbers
first
I have no idea what the hell my ability
does I've got nothing dude why hey why
Anthony makes nearby footsteps visible
okay that means I just see literally
[__] everybody's footsteps
[Music]
[Laughter]
was that funny Brock yeah it was the
spreading is so loud I know I don't even
need my Astro a40s for this game all
right Scotty
disgusting stomach ache glitter and have
horrible explosive Diaries
I was looking at the television okay oh
my gosh I knew that was you I knew that
was you I should have shot you I knew it
was you and let you go the problem is
they don't like you should be able to
shoot a pedestrian once in a while yeah
every once in a while I mean real cops
can why can't we
[Music]
surprise oh God [__] my pants
yeah Marcel
oh he's holding a dead body
are you on the roof still yeah I just
got there
[Music]
I I got way too greedy yeah that was a
big bag he's on the roof I think but
where are you no we don't need it we
have enough money we can literally just
leave no not yet not yet not yet I
[__] I I wiped an entire safe
as we have the money let's just not [__]
this up he had a red shirt
where do we leave the van hold on hold
on what was he wearing it was a red
shirt there's so many original yeah
they're all the [__] same
[Music]
I was about to rest the whole Squad oh
[__] I'm sick of being a cop
yep somebody's already deceased yeah
Scotty's up there dude he's weak in the
room yeah no I was on the Roof oh dude I
[__] I shot first and lost my gun
sucked where was he at what is he Second
Story he's a janitor he's
obviously
okay very cool
I did not want to be that guy
wait you're The Last One Alive oh well
you know I did not know that
I think it's so quiet right now I don't
know because this game is boring and
there's nothing to talk about
[Laughter]
oh [__] it let's [__] go I mean [__]
he just watched
he's coming for you got to fight him
he's right there
[Laughter]
oh [__] you'll never find me
Anthony do it
[Music]
there you go now's the game kind of fun
well it had its moment revive your [__]
I gotta wait for it
almost there
what is it happening
it's almost there
I don't get it I have just I'm a mule at
this point that's all I'm doing Brock
has smuggled tens of thousands yeah
[__] like he flies a [__] drone in
there Scoops up a bag that's been money
printed
front door
this is so cheap
me and Marcel hack the system
all right sir no I can't remember my
band's out there you did it you [__]
I've been sitting here watching for 20
minutes
dude it's so absurd
where you at daddy
dude don't worry about it
to do
oh yeah
[Laughter]
oh my God literally just printing money
he's back there [__] he's back there
I had to hurry I didn't know that the I
I didn't know that Vault was still open
we definitely could have just blew up
half the map what are you talking about
two IEDs and the regular I mean I mean
that it hadn't been looted oh you can
rate devices with explosive oh God
what's happening ah I killed Anthony's
bot cop and then died
I [__] your horse up
Dolphins bones go butt cup killed butt
cup easy okay you know why
because I cloned it
well you know
that's so dumb
uh yeah I mean we could definitely go if
we wanted
the launcher oh [__] Gotta Go My People
need me what are you looking at bro
[Laughter]
I was just trying to call my goddamn
horse
oh my Lord
um I want to leave but my drone is
blocking 150 years I've already I robbed
all the vaults can't respawn either
um
Escape should we escape I think we have
yeah because Anthony's dead
[Music]
I killed your Bot cop and put on his
costume yeah
[Laughter]
he's on a horse
oh yes wait he actually got the horse I
didn't see it
oh I ran into a person and it killed me
you look like Vanoss from behind like a
Vanoss mask gonna give me away bro that
yep definitely gave him away
oh
we're trying to blend in here
oh that dude caught a stray no I pressed
the wrong button
I honestly thought Anthony died
and I pressed it it only worked once
which one's Anthony
oh what happened
he had one oh my God he walked up behind
him with his pants down
I deserve to be shot and killed in real
life for that one
a little excessive
[Music]
can we restart